[NO-JIRA]: Updated the theming properties for overlay (#111)
Skyscanner/backpack-react-native: UNRELEASED.md

# Unreleased

**Updated:**
- react-native-bpk-component-touchable-overlay

>   - Updated to support custom number for the `borderRadius` field to now allow `sm`, `lg`, `pill` or `30`

Reviewer: I think we can be clearer to end users about what the change actually does and how to use it - what do you reckon of something like this?

```suggestion
    - `borderRadius` prop now accepts numbers in addition to the existing `sm`, `lg` and `pill` values. E.g. `<BpkTouchableOverlay borderRadius={30} ... />`. 
```
